doc: add a doc for vstart_runner.py (#29907)
ceph/ceph: doc/dev/vstart-runner.rst

    test. This is implemented using methods ``scan_tests()``,
    ``load_tests()``, ``exec_test()``. This is where all the options that
    vstart_runner.py takes are implemented along with other features like
    logging and copying features to the bottom of the log.

* provides an interface for issuing and testing shell commands
    The tests are written assuming the clusters exists on a remote machines.
    ``vstart_runner.py`` provides an interface to run the test with cluster that
    exists within the local machine. This done in class ``LocalRemote``. The
    process the runs ``LocalRemote`` is implemented as ``LocalRemoteProcess``.
    Class ``LocalDaemon`` provides an interface to handle Ceph Daemons and
    class ``LocalFuseMount`` to create and handle ``FuseMount``

* provides an interface to issue Ceph cluster commands
    This is implemented as class ``LocalCephManager``. It provides methods to
    run a Ceph cluster command with and without admin socket.

**NOTE***: vstart_runner.py can create mount CephFS only with FUSE. Therefore,
        make sure that fuse package is installed and enabled on your system.

> **NOTE***: Make sure that ``use_allow_other`` is added to ``/etc/fuse.conf``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Make sure that ``use_allow_other`` is added to ``/etc/fuse.conf``.
```
In other places too there is extra asterisk.

Author: It's so that the wrapped text appears bold.

Running Python tests locally
===============================

Running your first test
--------------------------
Python tests in Ceph repo can be executed on the local machine using
`vstart_runner.py`_. To do that you'd need `teuthology`_
installed on your machine -

::
    $ git clone https://github.com/ceph/teuthology
    $ cd teuthology/
    $ virtualenv ./venv
    $ source venv/bin/activate
    $ pip install --upgrade pip

>     $ pip install -r requirements.rxt

Reviewer: There is a typo here:
```suggestion
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Author: Fixed. https://github.com/ceph/ceph/pull/29907/files#diff-bb4c920ecb14ce4451cc1aa2009e5c21R16

    $ python setup.py develop
    $ deactivate

Above steps installs teuthology in a virtual environment.

*Note*: The pip command above is pip2, not pip3.

*Note*: vstart_runner.py as well as most tests in qa/ are only compatible
        with ``python2``. Therefore, use ``python2`` to run the tests locally.

> In a Ceph repository that has been successfully built perform following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a successfully built Ceph repository perform the following steps
```

Author: Not sure how this makes any difference.

Reviewer: It's just a suggestion.

Author: Oh, ok. I thought grammar or syntax was wrong there.
